hey everybody what's going on this is a
video for the final presentation for
gold and we've made I know it's been a
long hard road it's been about five
months since we started this project
from pre-production all the way to final
product which is what we presented today
the link for our studio which is digital
alchemy Studios is in the sidebar so
feel free to look at it and download any
of the titles particularly ness quest
because well that's mine and our team
did directs worked really hard on that
but the presentations were today and all
the games that we were presented today
we're really awesome and I think all the
artists did a really great job and it
was really nice to see that it was
really nice to see everybody's games
really come together so like I said the
link to that is actually in the sidebar
feel free to go through digital alchemy
studios and download whatever title
actually download them all they're all
really cool so we've reached the end of
the road now technically it is the end
of final project but I still have
another month left and I have to do demo
reel creation which we're still trying
to create our demerol it's never a
never-ending process but with that aside
really what I want to talk about is
final project itself final project every
game artist that goes in the final
project if you're like me has
aspirations to really build the biggest
and best game that the world has ever
seen and really it is it's a genuine
thing and everybody everybody I know all
the artists that I hang out with
everybody wants to go into final project
and really just kick ass and really make
the best game possible what I've learned
through all this is that everybody that
has the big aspirations you got to let
them go because the final project is not
about creating the biggest and best game
it's about learning the process of
creating game and working together
cohesively as a team the dev side of it
and the program like the programmers and
the artists they come together and we
all make a game and its really finding
that cohesive bond between the two
different types of personalities on that
really make this really come to life
ness quest I believe really came
together even though that the game was
sliced and there was a lot of things
that really need to be come from a game
because they weren't working we work
with it and a dev team did a really
spectacular job and the one thing that I
really want to point out is the fact
that what what sep
raids full sales development from any
other school in this country or the
world out rather is the fact that
they're building their engines from
scratch they're not using any API
there's no unreal there's no engines
that already exist these guys are
building the engine from scratch from
the rendering to the collision to every
single thing that makes up this engine
including the exporters and everything
else and this is all within five months
so these guys really put their all into
this and honestly I believe that
everything came together at the end and
I'm telling you I'll be honest there
were times where I was really worried I
thought that the development team was
going to get fired a couple of times I
thought that like the game wasn't really
coming out to what I had expected
because my expectations were so high
because I really want to go into final
project and really make the most
spectacular game and really it's it's
students that just learn we just learned
how to do everything so having my
aspirations set really high was probably
the biggest mistake I made for myself is
because I expected so much more and I
think everybody else expected so much
more from our game too it's just we
never expected to hit the bumps in the
road and that's what really final
project is really all about it's it's
it's overcoming adversity it's finding
that that it's it's finding that part of
you that really will just drive further
to try to do as best as you can with
what you got so to wrap it up what i
have to say about final project is my
experience upon a project although was
extremely stressful with all the
expectations that we had for both
classes and on the artist my
expectations were met as far as to what
i've learned because that's that's
really what really matters to me most is
what I've learned from everything so if
I go into a situation I come out not
changed or not a better person then it
really didn't do anything for me and
really I mean keep supporting Full Sail
games I'm not just saying this like I
said in my prior videos I'm not I'm not
doing this for to school this is my own
personal project and I take full on
responsibility for this so I'm not
trying to promote the school although I
do there's things that suck here and
there's things that are really awesome
it's just like any other college you
know I'm not going to like every
instructor that I have and every
instructor is not going to be super
awesome I mean it just happens but you
learn here just like any other
institution if I've inspired you to come
to the school that is awesome dude but
there's other opera
tunities for you my job and my
responsibility through these videos is
to give you the information on Full Sail
but you know what if I've inspired you
to come here or even follow your dreams
for that matter that's really awesome
too and I really am glad for that and
you know what wherever you go whatever
you do just be yourself man just just
follow your dreams it doesn't matter if
it's to this school or anywhere else in
life so final project is done for the
remainder of my time here I will be we
have to finish up archiving the game
that's next week but might the remainder
of the time here is just creating assets
for my demo reel and piecing my demo
reel together next month hopefully you
got something that's worth an employable
that's really what my main goal is going
forward so with that being said I'm just
going to leave it here and I really
appreciate you guys for watching my
videos and I really hope that everybody
does stay in communication afterwards
whether or not you're you're chatting in
the forum here at my videos or with me
personally through email or whatever the
case may be I will continue to do videos
once I graduate if anybody's worried or
thinking about that even I don't even
know why you would watch these two
boring as hell anyway but really i'll
still be keeping communication and
letting people know what's happening
with me so that's pretty much all I have
I'll hit you up on a beginning of next
month for a demo reel creation which is
dr see the final class here at wholesale
and for game art and i'll talk to please